Update docsite chapter "Merging lists of dictionaries" (#8477)
ansible-collections/community.general: docs/docsite/rst/filter_guide_abstract_informations_merging_lists_of_dictionaries.rst

Merging lists of dictionaries
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

If you have two or more lists of dictionaries and want to combine them into a list of merged dictionaries, where the dictionaries are merged by an attribute, you can use the :ansplugin:`community.general.lists_mergeby <community.general.lists_mergeby#filter>` filter.

> .. note:: The output of the examples in this section use the YAML callback plugin. Quoting: "Ansible output that can be quite a bit easier to read than the default JSON formatting." See the documentation for the :ref:`community.general.yaml <ansible_collections.community.general.yaml_callback>` callback plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. note:: The output of the examples in this section use the YAML callback plugin. Quoting: "Ansible output that can be quite a bit easier to read than the default JSON formatting." See the documentation for the :ansplugin:`community.general.yaml callback plugin <community.general.yaml#callback>`.
```
